PROGRESS.md, before:

# PROGRESS for Arcade Mode

## Sunday 5/21/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Add JS Bin's loop-protect for infinite loops.
    2. Add Babel for transpiling user code; allow ES6 usage.
    3. Syntax errors now do not stop 'run tests' from working.
    4. Minor styling fixes/updates.

## Saturday 5/20/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Add game settings description to modal
    2. Have ARCADE MODE title link back to site.
    3. Tidy challenge panel.
    4. Add return to menu functionality at game over screen.
    5. Practice mode now only ends when exiting through menu.
    6. Total time used is now correctly calculated.
  - Issues:
    - [X] left side border-radius for editor reverts to 0 after pressing start.

## Friday 5/19/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Set up clip-path ARCADE MODE title
    2. Set up timeLeft to be displayed in MM:SS.
    3. Pass button now refreshes on a correct solve of a challenge.
    4. Add score multiplier.
    5. Add variable for total attempts: totalAttempts
    6. Set up whiteboard/blind mode to only show pass fail status
  - Issues:
    - [X] Time left occasionally hops back to initial time one second after start when starting the app immediately following page load.

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Minor fixes to the game logic: Added TESTS_FAILED action.

## Thursday 5/18/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Fix and set up editor options.
    2. Set up placeholder difficulty settings for lives and time.
    3. Set up freeCodeCamp style navbar.
    4. Add general styling and formatting.
    5. Update old tests and implement test for new files

## Wednesday 5/17/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Add game settings to modal.
    2. Add player status bar to Arcade mode.
    3. Add whiteboard mode.
  - Issues:
    - [X] Toggling class 'Codemirror-whiteboard' does not change editor to whiteboard mode.

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Modified next challenge logic after timer runs out.

## Tuesday 5/16/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Brainstorm design.
    2. Generate Balsamiq mockups.

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Refactored CodeMirror editor in Editor-component + tests.

## Monday 5/15/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Fix test for worker.js

## Sunday 5/14/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Fix JSOM setup.
    2. Move https enforcement to server-side (seems to be custom solution to Heroku however).
    3. Finish writing all client-side tests except for worker.js.


## Saturday 5/13/17:
### Tim:
  - Issues:
    - [X] JSDOM not properly set up; importing Sinon instantly errors during testing.

## Friday 5/12/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Transform Redux code to now use Immutable.js.
    2. Implement tests for all slice reducers.
    3. Implement reselect's memoized selector for mapStateToProps calls.

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Added Istanbul for code coverage.
    2. Added script bin/port_tests.pl to create test files for all source files
    3. Added coverage scripts to bin/cover_test_client|server.sh + npm scripts.

## Thursday 5/11/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Add opening modal to app.
    2. Decompose ArcadeAction and ArcadeReducer down into smaller pieces.

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Added `Insert Solution` button for quick testing.
    2. Did Minor UX improvements, showing/hiding of buttons.
    3. Added score to Navbar + Game Over screen after timer runs out.

## Wednesday 5/10/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Add user output box to the left panel.
    2. Add challenge title and description to left panel.
    3. Move the display of challenge information after user presses start.
    4. Add ability to continue to the next challenge after passing all tests.

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Test case results are now shown on the left panel of the application.
    2. Added configurable timer which starts when a user starts a session.

## Tuesday 5/9/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Set up WebWorker to handle evaluation of user defined code.
      - User code execution hook generated; will be used for the code output window.
      - Test cases can now be evaluated, though still need to map the case to the result.

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
      1. Added react-codemirror component and integrated with redux code.

## Monday 5/8/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Set up app on heroku: https://arcademode.herokuapp.com
    2. Create a head script to enforce https on the Heroku app.
    3. Implement react-bootstrap as a possible solution to UI design; initialize navbar
    4. Initialize info panel and editor sections

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Added redux code with action, container (App.jsx) and reducer.
    2. Created sample unit test file (test/ArcadeAction.spec.js) for first redux actions.

## Sunday 5/7/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Set up gulp tasks for all major file types; set up gulp watch tasks
    2. Add mongoose setup code; revisit following completion of client-side UI


### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Added Enzyme + first unit test for Header component following an example from [Testing React components with Enzyme and Mocha](https://semaphoreci.com/community/tutorials/testing-react-components-with-enzyme-and-mocha)

## Saturday 5/6/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Set up directory structure
    2. Set up minimal placeholder files to test gulp task
    3. Initialize gulp task for transpiling JSX/ES6 -> ES5

Commit message:

Updated progress, UserProfile mostly done.

PROGRESS.md, after:

# PROGRESS for Arcade Mode

## Tuesday 5/23/17

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. UserProfile is mostly done, to view the completed session by user

## Sunday 5/21/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Add JS Bin's loop-protect for infinite loops.
    2. Add Babel for transpiling user code; allow ES6 usage.
    3. Syntax errors now do not stop 'run tests' from working.
    4. Minor styling fixes/updates.

## Saturday 5/20/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Add game settings description to modal
    2. Have ARCADE MODE title link back to site.
    3. Tidy challenge panel.
    4. Add return to menu functionality at game over screen.
    5. Practice mode now only ends when exiting through menu.
    6. Total time used is now correctly calculated.
  - Issues:
    - [X] left side border-radius for editor reverts to 0 after pressing start.

## Friday 5/19/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Set up clip-path ARCADE MODE title
    2. Set up timeLeft to be displayed in MM:SS.
    3. Pass button now refreshes on a correct solve of a challenge.
    4. Add score multiplier.
    5. Add variable for total attempts: totalAttempts
    6. Set up whiteboard/blind mode to only show pass fail status
  - Issues:
    - [X] Time left occasionally hops back to initial time one second after start when starting the app immediately following page load.

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Minor fixes to the game logic: Added TESTS_FAILED action.

## Thursday 5/18/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Fix and set up editor options.
    2. Set up placeholder difficulty settings for lives and time.
    3. Set up freeCodeCamp style navbar.
    4. Add general styling and formatting.
    5. Update old tests and implement test for new files

## Wednesday 5/17/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Add game settings to modal.
    2. Add player status bar to Arcade mode.
    3. Add whiteboard mode.
  - Issues:
    - [X] Toggling class 'Codemirror-whiteboard' does not change editor to whiteboard mode.

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Modified next challenge logic after timer runs out.

## Tuesday 5/16/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Brainstorm design.
    2. Generate Balsamiq mockups.

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Refactored CodeMirror editor in Editor-component + tests.

## Monday 5/15/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Fix test for worker.js

## Sunday 5/14/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Fix JSOM setup.
    2. Move https enforcement to server-side (seems to be custom solution to Heroku however).
    3. Finish writing all client-side tests except for worker.js.


## Saturday 5/13/17:
### Tim:
  - Issues:
    - [X] JSDOM not properly set up; importing Sinon instantly errors during testing.

## Friday 5/12/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Transform Redux code to now use Immutable.js.
    2. Implement tests for all slice reducers.
    3. Implement reselect's memoized selector for mapStateToProps calls.

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Added Istanbul for code coverage.
    2. Added script bin/port_tests.pl to create test files for all source files
    3. Added coverage scripts to bin/cover_test_client|server.sh + npm scripts.

## Thursday 5/11/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Add opening modal to app.
    2. Decompose ArcadeAction and ArcadeReducer down into smaller pieces.

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Added `Insert Solution` button for quick testing.
    2. Did Minor UX improvements, showing/hiding of buttons.
    3. Added score to Navbar + Game Over screen after timer runs out.

## Wednesday 5/10/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Add user output box to the left panel.
    2. Add challenge title and description to left panel.
    3. Move the display of challenge information after user presses start.
    4. Add ability to continue to the next challenge after passing all tests.

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Test case results are now shown on the left panel of the application.
    2. Added configurable timer which starts when a user starts a session.

## Tuesday 5/9/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Set up WebWorker to handle evaluation of user defined code.
      - User code execution hook generated; will be used for the code output window.
      - Test cases can now be evaluated, though still need to map the case to the result.

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
      1. Added react-codemirror component and integrated with redux code.

## Monday 5/8/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Set up app on heroku: https://arcademode.herokuapp.com
    2. Create a head script to enforce https on the Heroku app.
    3. Implement react-bootstrap as a possible solution to UI design; initialize navbar
    4. Initialize info panel and editor sections

### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Added redux code with action, container (App.jsx) and reducer.
    2. Created sample unit test file (test/ArcadeAction.spec.js) for first redux actions.

## Sunday 5/7/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Set up gulp tasks for all major file types; set up gulp watch tasks
    2. Add mongoose setup code; revisit following completion of client-side UI


### Tuomas:
  - Progress:
    1. Added Enzyme + first unit test for Header component following an example from [Testing React components with Enzyme and Mocha](https://semaphoreci.com/community/tutorials/testing-react-components-with-enzyme-and-mocha)

## Saturday 5/6/17:
### Tim:
  - Progress:
    1. Set up directory structure
    2. Set up minimal placeholder files to test gulp task
    3. Initialize gulp task for transpiling JSX/ES6 -> ES5
